Ok ok
Lu Yao, you wait
I'll let Brother Long pack you up and go
This loser
Why is it like a different person today?
Husband, you are really awesome today
I'll take care of the money
Don't divorce me
Go away you think I know
You marry me
Just to give Yang Hailiangsheng this excuse
How did he know?
No, no, no.
I have nothing to do with Yang Hailiang
shut up
Tell it to be black.
This breed
We only add fried garlic
Mom, who is it?
You are gone
You wait for me.
It was really bad luck in my previous life
Since you live again
I must change the past
Repay the debt to the eldest sister and the second sister a thousand times
Xiaoyao
This is the last bit of money in the family
You take it
If it's not enough, I'll borrow some more from your second sister.
You hurry up and pay back the money
But you have to promise me
No more gambling
Look at this house.
How many things are left in your bet?
Can you do it or not?
You must give me an answer today